add notes on cloudflare and new fields on objects (#3947)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Reference.md

> danger
> Some API and Gateway versions are now non-functioning, and are labeled as discontinued in the table below for posterity. Trying to use these versions will fail and return 400 Bad Request.

> danger

> > Clients are expected to see new fields on API objects regardless of versioning. Additions are not considered a breaking change and should be ignored until it's documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Clients are expected to see new fields on API objects regardless of versioning. Additions are not considered to be a breaking change and should be ignored until documented.
```

> > Clients are expected to see new fields on API objects regardless of versioning. Additions are not considered to be a breaking change and should be ignored until documented.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is the right place to prescribe policies with regard to documented/undocumented content. It's a bit of a contentious issue.
```suggestion
> Additions to the API are not considered breaking changes and may not be accompanied by an API version bump. For example, clients are expected to gracefully handle the sudden addition of new fields to objects.
```

Reviewer: "Additions" feels a bit broad to me.. there are definitely additions that are breaking and aren't just new fields.

Reviewer 3: Does this change how they should be treated by a developer though?

Author: I feel like additions contains more than just new fields. Stuff like that could be potentially breaking and much worse.

Reviewer 2: I'm struggling to think of an addition that was breaking, but my memory of API changes isn't great anymore.

Reviewer: I would say threads were an addition; not much changed about existing endpoints but it was still breaking.

Reviewer 2: I don't know what threads broke, but there was a version bump to accommodate it. If that is an example of where additions resulted in a version change, it would contradict this section, both my suggestion and the original.

Thinking about this more, I don't think anyone can easily clarify the API's rich history of wishy-washy breakage and versioning with a one-liner. If you do keep the section, I'd recommend trying to define "additions" and "breaking", as futile as it may be.

## HTTP API

### Cloudflare

> Discord may add certain rules on their Cloudflare firewall to prevent malicious behavior or reduce API load. Cloudflare blocks typically send html instead of json. Developers are expected to check the status page to find more information on these.

Reviewer 2: I think this would do better as a more general explanation about what format Discord expected in requests and what format users should expect in responses (application/json for both, with query strings in some requests). It should be enough to explain that, under rare circumstances, HTML (text/html) may be received, although the Cloudflare mention may still be appreciated.

> Discord may add certain rules on their cloudflare firewall to adjust with malicous behavior or reduce API load. Cloudflare blocks typically send html instead of json. Developers are expected to check the status page to find more information on these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord may add certain rules on their Cloudflare firewall to prevent malicious behavior or reduce API load. Cloudflare blocks typically send html instead of json. Developers are expected to check the status page to find more information on these.
```

```

Clients may append more information and metadata to the _end_ of this string as they wish.

> Certain User Agents from generic applications like browsers may be banned from accessing the API.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Requests that do not have a valid User Agent following this format may be blocked.
```
